If only you knew what it takes to get there.
You wouldn't understand what it takes to pursue wizard royalty.
If you're so loyal, then why did you leave Daven to go after Hank?
Didn't you make the exact same choice?
The difference is I'm true to myself.
I don't need to be anyone's princess.
If you don't want it, you should have just let me have it.
It was over between Daven and me long ago.
I don't care about that boring man.
All I care about is power.
On your wedding night?
I took your place and completed the ritual with him.
What?
So you two played me?
I take what I want by any means necessary.
So you're a thief?
That's not stealing.
What you gave my child was?
What did you do at the bar that night?
Vivian.
Vivian, this woman's insane.
Yes.
The wedding ritual was completed with me, but I'm no chosen witch.
So I needed Vivian's pity for some power.
Giving powers taboo for Vivian.
To hell with taboos.
The only thing that should be banned is the royal family.